# py4e
I wrote a really long, nicely worded ReadMe that I thought I was posting with my files but I don't know where it was posted/what happened but I am still learning to navigate this page so it's all good. I will try again. 

So in the first practice exercise I did a simple "Hello World" line of code which I can't tell you how many times I have echoed that phrase in CMD just for fun on days I'm trying to justify taking that cybersecurity bootcamp during the pandemic. I was glad that there was a slightly different dynamic going on with the input statement. Now I can set up this code when I want the CMD prompt to as Destiny's Child puts it, "Say My Name". 

In Practice exercise2 I made a very relatable program that prompts for user input on hours worked and pay rate to calculate gross pay. I tried to work through this one and the others by myself first before I watched what the instructor was doing. I did fairly well with my logic but encountered some syntax errors which are always fun so I continued the video and saw how the instructor set his up then went and fixed my code. 

The last exercise I did today was using the same program from exercise 2 but tweaking it so it has a condition that also calculates OT pay. Again I tried to work through the problem on my own first then watched how the instructor was setting his up. I don't know if it was planned or that's just how coding is but the instructor was having similar issues that I was having and it was good to see that I was able to recognize the errors in his code and be able to correct the issues with mine. I have yet to finish the rest of the video because I was so excited when I got my code to work. I even interrupted the wife's Halo session and had her use my code to calculate her pay for the week. She asked if it includes tax, so that's something I'll have to append so I can use this program irl. I just noticed I could probably do that now. I'll work on that after I finish this post. 

Anyways I stumbled upon Github's Copilot in VSCode and it is so helpful in cleaning up syntax errors! It's a little crazy how quick it picked up on my variables but it should be really useful going forward in my coding journey. I am excited to continue learning! Lastly, my gamer tag has always been NeoTennis24. Neo from "The Matrix", tennis because I played tennis quite well in high school and it's one of my favorite sports and 24 RIP Kobe Bryant. My laptop has the matrix symbols as my background and my CMD is black and green. It's cool I've always had this connection for Mr. Anderson(Neo) and like him I will one day be a programmer. That's all for now. If you had fun reading this please don't hesitate to leave a comment on my code. I was saying to myself the instructor's code was a little convoluted then as I was writing mine on that third practice, I thought mine started to be as well. If there's any tips to clean things up I am open to criticsm. 
